[roaring]
Zaboera: [worried cry]
Zaboera!
[panicked howl]
[snarling]
Zaboera: Wait a
minute! I'm not...
Take this!
[pained yelp]
Soldier: I'm not really him!
A Morph spell? Clever.
Zaboera: [devious laughter]
It's too bad that
that wasn't the real me.
How long is it going to take
for you dimwits to realize
that I'm on a whole other
level of intellect up here?
Sneaky little imp.
Mystvearn's gone, too.
Hyunckel: How did I...
Where's Hadlar?
I remember...
defeating him...
Maam: We made it.
Valge Tower.
We have to hurry or
Leona won't make it.
Let's charge right in!
I knew you were gonna say that.
Alright, let's go!
Fire minion: Halt!
The Blizzblaze Legion!
You're not going to make
it to Master Flazzard!
Get them!
[worried cry]
Woosh!
Dai?!
We don't have time to waste
dealing with these guys!
Popp, go!
Yeah. Kafrizz!
Now; Aim for the
Dancing Flames. Maam?
I got it!
Okay... Crackle!
We did it!
Looks like anything's possible
if we're working together?
[victorious chuckles]
Right. We have to move.
Okay!
[snarling]
-[cackling]
-[screaming]
Oh, no - it's Flazzard!
Flazzard: Sitting
back and waiting
with the hostage just
isn't my style, you know?
Here you go!
And that's one down!
Flazzard: I know that axe...
Crocodine: Your
savagery ends here!
Flazzard: Crocodine? So you
are helping these brats!
And I'm not alone.
Both: Hyunckel!
See? I told you so.
You can't beat a guy like him.
Wait. Does that mean he
actually defeated Hadlar?!
Flazzard: Traitor.
It occurred to me, Flazzard,
that my vengeance does not
stop at the Dark Lord...
And I'm here to settle
that debt with you myself.
There's no escaping anymore.
Popp: What's wrong?
You giving up?!
Looks like I am.
Flazzard: My Blizzblaze
Curse Field is gone.
And if you have two of the
Legion Commanders on your side,
even I can't win this one.
I guess it's time for
me to... face the facts.
He's acting awfully
well-behaved.
Dai [thought]: Flazzard's not
one to give up. Not this easily.
In that case;
you will admit your defeat and
release the Princess of Papnica?
Flazzard: Of course I won't.
Even if I lose everything,
I will never be defeated.
Popp: Then what was that
about facing the facts?!
I meant the fact I won't
get through this unscathed.
Because this attack
I have planned?
It's gonna do quite a bit
of damage to me, as well.
I'd prefer not to use it,
but here we are...
Dark King Vearn,
grant me glory and victory.
What?!
You would really
throw away your medal?!
Popp: What's so
important about that?
On the day...
That Sovereign Rock Castle
was completed...
Crocodine: That's right.
It was the first time
we Six Legion Commanders
had ever gathered together.
Oh, great and mighty
Dark King Vearn,
the Six Legion Commanders
of the Dark Army
stand before you,
ready to serve.
This Sovereign Rock Castle
shall be our base from which
we plunge the world into
darkness and offer it to you.
Vearn: Well done, Hadlar.
I am most pleased.
Sire.
Vearn: To celebrate
the formation of
the Six Legion Commanders,
I shall grant a gift.
A gift?
W-What the...
What is that?
Vearn: That is
the Infernal Emblem.
Consider it the greatest
symbol of loyalty to me.
Now, whoever believes
themselves worthy may take it.
These flames...
They're quite intense.
Perhaps, but we must prove our
undying loyalty to King Vearn!
[victorious cackle]
Vearn: Well done... Flazzard.
It was decided...
And he gained the title:
"Blitz Captain of
the Dark Army."
That medal is a symbol of
his precious glory. To him...
it's worth more
than life itself.
And he threw it away?
[chuckle]
Who needs the
glory of the past?
If it lets me
claim new victory...
It's worth it.
Look out!
I am willing...
to risk my life!
W-What?!
He self-destructed!
Self-destruct?
With a blast this weak?
He seeks glory even
in destruction.
How disgraceful.
Ow!
Ow! Ow, ow, ow!
This is... a piece of
Flazzard, isn't it?!
What?!
Could it be?
Flazzard: Yeah!
It really can be!
Each one of these
rocks is yours truly!
And feel how powerful!
Bullets - Rock Bullets!
Curse you!
[pained yell]
Oh, no - Crocodine!
Flazzard: [cackling]
What do you think
you're doing?
It doesn't matter how strong
you all think you might be.
Flazzard: The more you break,
the more of me there is!
This is my final
attack method,
Rock Bullet
Shrapnel Detonation!
Then I'll just freeze them all.
Crackle!
[pained yell]
Uh, whoops. He has ice rocks.
Dai: Popp!
Dai, don't-
Looks like
you're up, big Hero.
Earth Slash!
[pained yell]
[delighted laughter]
Take this!
No!
Hyunckel!
You bastard!
Dai, you have
to aim for his core.
His core?
That's right.
He said all of these
rocks are parts of him,
but that can't be true.
Hadlar created Flazzard
using forbidden magic-
his life force is
bound to a single stone!
There should be a core that's
the source of his power!
You have to destroy it!
His core...
But, how?
How am I supposed to
find a single rock
amongst all of these?
Unless you do,
Flazzard cannot be beaten!
Flazzard: What are
you talking about?
There's no stopping
the destruction
of my ultimate attack!
C'mon!
Dai [thought]: It's no good.
I can't find it!
[flying yells]
No mere human could
shatter my hidden core!
Let alone find it.
Dai [thought]:
I can't beat him.
How can I attack
an enemy I can't see?
Once you cut through the unseen
you will feel the difference.
Your blade will become three,
or even five times
more powerful, yet.
Dai [thought]: An
enemy I can't see...
That's why he had me train!
Avan: The air... in other
words, you slice the emptiness.
Maam: Dai...
He needs a heal spell...
Flazzard: Looks like
hiding behind Crocodine
spared you some damage.
He rebuilt himself?
Maam [thought]: The fire
and ice are getting weaker.
I look pathetic
to you now, don't I?
The method of my final attack
drains the life
force drastically.
Why would you risk your own
destruction just to win?
Because my being
has no history.
Flazzard: It's
been barely a year
since Master
Hadlar created me.
I want to achieve something!
Achievements no one can beat
whether they live to be a
hundred or even a thousand!
You are so pitiful.
Can't you prove yourself...
through something
other than fighting?
Flazzard: Who asked
for your pity?
Don't you get it?
The thrill of victory,
the jealous glares
of my peers...
These are what fulfill me!
If you all would just give up,
everything will be perfect!
Dai: Wait!
Dai!
[chuckle]
Don't you see that you
can't win this, boy?
Dai: I'm going to
use my final attack now.
It's the greatest technique
of my master, Avan.
Though, I've never
successfully done it before.
Dai: If I fail, you win.
But... If I can do it...
I win!
[incredulous chuckle]
You're just
bluffing, aren't you?
Maam: Dai!
That attack...
All right, kid.
Blizzblaze Shrapnel
Detonation!
He didn't dodge it?
Avan Style
Sword Technique...
Air Slash!
Maam: Did it work?
[pained breaths]
[roar]
[evil chuckle]
If that measly attack
is his greatest technique,
I guess Avan's not
so tough, huh?
Dai [thought]: No...
I failed.
Is it... Is it really
beyond me, Master?
What is it, Dai?
Go on.
Dai: That last one, the Air
Slash, I don't really get it.
Popp: Oh, come on. Master's
explained it tons of times.
Did you understand it?
Well, of course not. But I'm
a Mage, so I don't have to.
That sort of thinking
is exactly why you're
progressing so slowly.
Now, what would you do
when you're up against
an evil swordsman?
But... An evil swordsman
wouldn't use this skill.
Huh? Why not, Master?
Avan: Air Slash requires
an Aura of Justice.
An Aura of Justice?
Avan: There are
monsters in this world
who've been created
by dark magic.
Air Slash is an attack that
vanquishes such evil beings.
First off, to do it...
You charge your blade
with the Aura of Justice.
And then...
You have to release it toward
the enemy's true form.
And that's the difficult part.
Finding the form.
Unlike the weak spot
of any regular monster,
you will not be able to see
the form with your eyes.
Did... you get that?
Um... Kind of?
For now, try not
to worry about it.
I have no doubt that you'll
pick it up eventually...
"How does one detect...
the unseen?"
Dai [thought]:
It's no use, Master.
I just can't... see it.
Flazzard: I'll burn
you to a crisp!
Dai, just run!
It's too late...
This is the end!
How?!
Looks like his Air Slash wasn't
a complete failure after all!
How could he?!
You're telling me that attack
actually damaged my core?
Okay. I'll keep doing
that until I succeed!
In that case, once more.
Are you sure?
If you use that attack again,
you might not make it!
Then I'll take
you down with me!
Flazzard: Besides...
the risk of getting burned is
what makes it all so much fun!
[cackling]
The glory of victory...
it's blinding him.
Get set, Dai.
It's a showdown between
our final attacks!
Rock Bullet
Shrapnel Detonation!
Dai: Air Slash!
It's not working!
Flazzard: With this
many targets,
you can't even hit
me accidentally.
So it looks like
I win this fight!
[pained cry]
No, Dai!
Popp: Dammit!
Maam: Is it hopeless?
Isn't there
anything Dai can do?
Hyunckel: There is.
Hyunckel!
Dai is forgetting
something...
Air Slash is an attack
that slices the empty!
Unlike the earth and the sea,
you can't see the emptiness
no matter how hard you try!
Hyunckel: I need to...
Remind him of that!
Dai! Over here!
Dai: W-What are you doing?!
Dai! Use your inner eye!
What do you mean?!
Listen to me. Your Air Slash
is already a complete attack,
but you haven't mastered
the technique just yet!
Once you are able to see
the enemy with your inner eye,
you'll hone your technique.
It'll become a true Air Slash!
Dai [thought]: My inner eye...
The Air Slash;
It uses light energy to strike
dark energy and destroy evil.
Hyunckel: That's the reason
I could never master it.
Now is the time
for you to inherit
the greatest Avan
Style technique!
You fools!
As if such a sorry fantasy
could defeat my ultimate attack!
Shrapnel Blast!
Dai...
Look out. Just run!
Dai!
Dai [thought]: That's right.
I can't find it because
I keep looking for it.
Sense it...
The life energy of
everyone here!
I feel a warm presence.
That must be Maam.
There's Hyunckel.
The big one is Crocodine.
That's Popp over there.
Something's coming.
A giant, evil energy!
It's approaching me,
and I can feel it's malice.
I can see it!
This is...
His core!
Flazzard!
Air Slash!
Flazzard: Looks like
another dud, boy...
How did you? That's my...
that's my core!
It's done.
I have hit... my target!
Narrator: Dai's Air Slash
strikes Flazzard down,
but just when
victory is at hand,
Mystvearn the
Shadow Vizier appears
with a terrifying surprise.
After turning himself
into Dark Aura,
a spiteful Flazzard rises
for another bout...
Then an incredible
showdown begins.
So don't miss
the next episode of
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"Now I Slice Everything".